docs - EE filter values for dashboard subscriptions (#15525)
metabase/metabase: docs/enterprise-guide/dashboard-subscriptions.md

## Customize filter values for each dashboard subscription

> This page covers the Enterprise Edition features for dashboard subscriptions. Our User's Guide can give you an introduction to [dashboard subscriptions](../users-guide/dashboard-subscriptions.md). 

Reviewer: Can probably find a way to not repeat the phrase "dashboard subscriptions" at the end of both sentences.

> Enterprise Edition lets you set up multiple subscriptions for a single dashboard, and lets you customize which filter values to apply to each subscription. That way you can send one group of people an email (or Slack message) the contents of the dashboard with one filter value applied, and set up another subscription to send the dashboard's contents with a different filter applied. You only need to maintain one dashboard, and you can set up different subscriptions to give different groups of people the info they need. 

Reviewer: > lets you set up multiple subscriptions for a single dashboard

Let's be careful not to give folks the mistaken impression that you can only create multiple subscriptions in EE. That's not the case.

> and set up another subscription to send the dashboard's contents with a different filter applied

Feels a bit repetitive, syntactically.

> Enterprise Edition

IDK what's right, but I've in the past tended to write and say "_the_ Enterprise Edition."

> ### Adding a subscription

Reviewer: I think this should already be covered in the main dashboard subscriptions doc, no?

To add a subscription, click on the **+** icon in the dashboard subscription panel.

![Dashboard with multiple subscriptions](./images/dashboard-subscriptions/multiple-subscriptions.png)

Here we have one dashboard with two subscriptions set up: the first subscription sent to Example Person with "VT" as the value for the State Filter, and the second sent to Other Person with "CA" as the State filter value. Both subscriptions lack a value to apply to the Created_At filter.

### Setting filter values

> You can set values for each filter on the dashboard. Any values you set for the subscription will override the dashboard's default filter values. If you don't set a filter value for the subscription, the dashboard will run with the default filter values applied, if any are set.

Reviewer: I think you can simplify this here, 'cause for EE the default values will be even more obvious since they'll be displayed in the list of configurable filters for the subscription.

```suggestion
You can set values for each filter on the dashboard. If you have any dashboard filters with default values, you can override those defaults for a given subscription, or leave them as-is.
```

Here's the sidebar in Enterprise Edition where you can set the filter values:

![Setting a filter value](./images/dashboard-subscriptions/set-filter-values.png)

> The section to call out here is the **Set filter values for when this gets sent**. Here we've set "VT" as the value for the dashboard's State filter to scope results to records from Vermont. We didn't set a value for the Created_At filter, so the subscription will send the results with the default value.

Reviewer: > We didn't set a value for the Created_At filter, so the subscription will send the results with the default value.

This doesn't seem to match what your image is showing — it doesn't appear that the Created_At filter has a default value set. If it did, it would be blue, with the value displayed.
